Tax rates and IDs
Assign tax rates to draft invoices for automatic tax calculation.
If you’re looking for automated tax calculation where you don’t need to define the rates, use Stripe Tax.

After you create a tax rate, you can assign it:

On individual invoice items.
On the entire subtotal of the invoice.
Note
Stripe recommends that you assign a tax rate on individual invoice items.

Set tax rates on individual items
You can set tax rates on individual items using the Dashboard or API. You can add up to five tax rates to each line item.


Dashboard

API
When you modify or create invoice line items through the API, set the invoice item’s tax_rates:


curl

Stripe CLI

Ruby

Python

PHP

Java

Node

Go

.NET
Command Line


curl https://api.stripe.com/v1/invoiceitems/ii_CWYWo9Ham19N4a \
  -u "sk_test_4eC39HqLyjWDarjtT1zdp7dc:" \
  -d "tax_rates[]"=txr_1EO66sClCIKljWvs98IiVfHW \
  -d "tax_rates[]"=txr_1EEOvcClCIKljWvsqYb9U0MB
For type subscription or invoiceitem, use the line item’s id. For type=invoiceitem, you can also use the invoice_item value.

Warning
For API version 2018-05-21 and earlier, you must pass the unique_line_item_id parameter instead of the line item’s id field. Pass the id field that starts with sli_.

Set default tax rates for the entire invoice
If you sell one type of product, or have simple tax needs, you can set a default tax rate on the invoice. Default tax rates apply to all invoice line items. For more complex use cases, you can also set an item-level tax rate that overrides the default tax rate. You can add up to five default tax rates to each invoice.


Dashboard

API
To set the invoice’s default_tax_rates through the API:


curl

Stripe CLI

Ruby

Python

PHP

Java

Node

Go

.NET
Command Line


curl https://api.stripe.com/v1/invoices/in_18jwqyLlRB0eXbMtrUQ97YBw \
  -u "sk_test_4eC39HqLyjWDarjtT1zdp7dc:" \
  -d "default_tax_rates[]"=txr_1EO66sClCIKljWvs98IiVfHW \
  -d "default_tax_rates[]"=txr_1EEOvcClCIKljWvsqYb9U0MB
